You gotta take care of the floors. You know the floors of the forest, very important... I was with the President of Finland... he called it a forest nation and they spent a lot of time on raking and cleaning and doing things and they don't have any problem.
Despite the constant negative press covfefe...
Thanks- many are saying that I'm the best 140 character writer in the world. It's easy when it's fun.
Sorry losers and haters, but my I.Q. is one of the highest -and you all know it! Please don't feel so stupid or insecure,it's not your fault
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the "Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times." Will someone from his depleted and food starved regime please inform him that I too have a Nuclear Button, but it is a much bigger & more powerful one than his, and my Button works!
It's freezing and snowing in New York--we need global warming!
Meryl Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, doesn't know me but attacked last night at the Golden Globes. She is a.....
The consept of global warming was created by and for the Chinese in order to make U.S. manufacturing non-competitive.
Windmill are the greatest threat in the US to both bald and golden eagles. Media claims fictional 'global warming' is worse.
Healthy young children goes to doctor, gets pumped with massive shot of many vaccines, doesn't feel good and changed - AUTISM. Many such cases!
NEVER, EVER THREATEN THE UNITED STATES AGAIN OR YOU WILL SUFFER CONSEQUENCES THE LIKES OF WHICH FEW THROUGHOUT HISTORY HAVE EVER SUFFERED BEFORE. WE ARE NO LONGER A COUNTRY THAT WILL STAND FOR YOUR DEMENTED WORDS OF VIOLENCE & DEATH. BE CAUTIOUS
After having written many best selling books, and somewhat priding myself on my ability to write, it should be noted that the Fake News constantly likes to pour over my tweets looking for a mistake. I capitalize certain words only for emphasis, not b/c they should be capitalized!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss. She lost the debates and lost her direction!
I have never seen a thin person drinking Diet Coke.
The U.S. cannot allow EBOLA infected people back. People that go to far away places to help out are great-but must suffer the consequences!
Robert Pattinson should not take back Kristen Stewart. She cheated on him like a dog & will do it again--just watch. He can do much better!
Robert I'm getting a lot of heat for saying you should dump Kristen- but I'm right. If you saw the Miss Universe girls you would reconsider.
So many tweets & stories on Stewart/Pattinson Look, it doesn't matter-- the relationship will never be the same. It is permanently broken.
Everyone knows I am right that Robert Pattinson should dump Kristen Stewart. In a couple of years, he will thank me. Be smart, Robert.
Everyone is asking me to speak more on Robert & Kristen.I don't have time except to say "Robert, drop her, she cheated on you & will again!"
Everybody wants me to talk about Robert Pattinson and not Brian Williams—I guess people just don’t care about Brian!
After Friday's Twilight release, I hope Robert Pattinson will not be seen in public with Kristen--she will cheat on him again!
We should have gotten more of the oil in Syria, and we should have gotten more of the oil in Iraq. Dumb leaders.
If the morons who killed all of those people at Charlie Hebdo would have just waited, the magazine would have folded - no money, no success!
Every time I speak of the haters and losers I do so with great love and affection. They cannot help the fact that they were born fucked up!